Okay, the next thing, uh, we usually learn when we learn a new programming language is
control flow.
Okay- Control flow is basically, like, um...
How do you want the program to run- Like, if it has to make decisions-
Um,
what kind of decisions should it make, given the values that it reads-
So, for example, here, um, if we set city to Chicago,
And, um, if...
if the names, uh, Chicago is in city data,
and print this out. Otherwise...
the city not found. Or you can... you can also use what we call loop.
Um, let's just copy this code as usual.
Loop is basically, as its name suggests, um...
it loops through certain code.
So, I just want this code, actually.
Okay, so if I...
If I look through...
city data, for example.
It's going to loop through each of those
values, and in this case, since this is a dictionary, it's only going to loop
through the... the, um, the indexes.
So, the city here, for...
Um, and this is just like English.
You can consider it as saying, for each city,
In the city data dictionary,
Um, print out.
this statement, okay-
And it says, analyzing data for, followed by a city. And you see here, this is another variation of the
of how you can concatenate strings, right-
Earlier, I showed you, um,
using formats and using, um, the
F string. There's...
This is another way of doing that.
Okay.
All right, let's do another quiz.
So, um...
Okay, it's actually quite a hassle if I have to...
Stop sharing all the time. Let's see if I can do...
Oh, I can actually do this without having to stop sharing.
And, um...
Now, the drum roll, and let's see what it's gonna...
Uh, what it's gonna be.
Okay, so, um, this question... this quiz is actually... it has a trap in it.
Because, like, um, I see that some of you, um, selected, um, Chicago Selected.
Which kind of... kind of makes sense, because, like, a city was set to Chicago, so it... it should...
Um, it should, um, logically...
goes to here, right-
Um, if you're speaking in English.
But, uh, apparently, that's, like, the difference between coding and actually speaking.
Well, um, there is no difference if you're using... if you're... if you're chatting to an AI.
But in programming language, um...
In this case, since...
Since a code is read line by line,
So, it starts from reading this line.
And it's... it goes here.
if city, and this statement sounds new to you,
Um,
But what it says is really, if city equals to true.
Okay- And this is a quirk.
That applies, um...
Only in Python, and maybe a couple of other programming languages.
That's any variable that has a value
It always... it always equates to true.
Um, so if I do...
Something like...
Yeah, yeah, even in this code, right-
So, we can... we can say, like, A equals to 3.
Okay- And...
If we have prints,
A equals true-
Okay.
So, in this case, since this is...
Um, this is a...
Um, a number,
It doesn't equate to true, because, like, true...
It can also be converted into the number 1.
But if I... if I change this to this...
to string.
It's... and I remove this part.
Um, wait.
Um... wait, how do I do this-
If A...
Then print...
Hello.
Then, um, this...
also equates to...
True. Okay-
So, A,
Whenever A has a value,
It's going to, um, to be treated as true.
Even... even if when you print it out,
Even if we... when you print it out,
It doesn't want to... it... it...
it doesn't want to, um, treat it as the actual true value.
And this concept in Python is called the truthfulness of the...
Um, of a variable.
Okay- So, a value can be called trueT if it has
if it has a value that is not zero.
So if I set this to... let's just set this to 3, for example.
It will still print zero, right-
And let's do something like this.
Not true. Okay.
But if I set this to zero...
it goes to not true, because, like, zero...
It's the same as, um, not true.
the truthfulness is, uh...
is, uh, is false in this case.
Even minus...
even minus 1 is also considered truthful.
But when you do this...
None- None is...
um, is a placeholder value for nothing. It's the nothingness.
It's not true.
So, the answer to that quiz...
is... Diddy selected.
Because it goes to the dis...
to this line right here.
If I copy this...
paste it here.
It's gonna check that it has a value, the variable city has a value, so it's gonna print out
City selected. Okay.